Downloaded from
YTS.MX
Official YIFY movies site:
You know. when they say. uh sun kissed?
They mean you.
Oh. is that so?
Well. I think they are wrong.
Wrong?
I'm Paul-kissed.
Paul-kissed? I like that.
I like that.
-Sis. guys.
-What do you want. Brian?
Yes. Brian. What do you want?
I want my friend back.
Really? I thought you actually
wanted him to be happy.
So. like all comedians you're gonna
be here until Thursday tight?
If I come back on Thursday.
you’ll be gone?
-Baby.
-Babe.
-I think your little brother needs a hug.
-I think so too.
Ugh. Brian.
Thank you. big sis.
Okay. my man. we need to talk. alright.
I want you to listen here.
This whole thing…
Tom and Jerry with my wife.
has just gotta stop.
Wait. so you’re telling me
you’re going from zero to 100.
Are you saying wife?
Yes. Brian. Wife.
Look around you.
All these balloons. all these things.
That's why you are here.
We’re getting married.
So you’re marrying her.
You haven’t married her yet.
-So right now she’s your fiancé.
-Okay.
Okay. Fi-an-cé.
Fiancé or whatever you want to call it.
But whatever it is. I don’t like it.
It's crazy for me to say it.
but it’s like you guys are dating.
Sis. don’t you dare. man.
Me and a slay queen?
Take a look at me.
Listen. man. The slay queens
around here don’t want you.
-Who?
-You.
Tell me you’re joking.
You’re joking. you’re full of jokes.
Actually. let me show you…
Listen. Listen.
These are Lesedi's friends. okay?
It’s the second time I’m meeting them.
Please don't mess this up.
You know what?
Move out the way.
Let me show you
that I can get these girls.
Whenever I want.
Move. Move.
This is gonna end in tears.
-Hey Chief. Relax.
-I just… I just…
So. yeah. tomorrow we're looking at cars
and I'm hoping that Red AMG
will be waiting for me.
Are you serious?
You guys okay?
Mmm.
We are having a great time.
Good.
Let's get the gifts inside.
Gifts.
Plural. man?
I thought the only gift here was me.
I mean. I'm gifted.
Isn’t that right gents?
Okay. that's it. I'm leaving now.
Okay. Uh…
Let's get those presents.
It's fine. We've got this.
Maybe I should have said.
Brian the Moratata.
No. Brian the Bazooka.
Maybe I should try it on these ladies.
Ladies?
How are you. ladies?
Well. it's time to open my presents.
Yes!
Which one shall I open first?
-The big one.
-Oh.
Ah. Gigi. this one is
obviously from your right?
Yeah. it's from me and hubby
who like. cheese platters
I don't see around me.
Well. thank you for the sage.
We shall upgrade from now on.
Which one shall I open next?
I wonder what's inside?
Wow. Brian.
-Really?
-Come on. dude.
What?
Apparently for a married couple
it spices things up in their marriage.
-Ah. Brian!
-That's so gross.
Hey. you woman.
I had to buy drinks for a girl
so I could steal that thing.
Sis. man!
-What's wrong. geez?
-Out!
-Get out. Brian.
-Get out.
Go and be with your dildo.
-Go!
-Go. go!
Out you go. Brian.
Okay.
I would like to propose a toast
to Paul and Lesedi.
May you have a beautiful engagement.
Cheers!
Whoo!
Huh!
What is this?
Hello. Daddy's home!
Ah. man!
Uh. cops. cops.
No man. no man.
Mommy! Zozo!
-Zozo!
-I'm coming.
-Zozo.
-Yeah?
We are robbed and you're
supposed to be on duty.
Robbed?
But the missus took everything in a truck
and she even showed me papers.
What… What papers. Zozo?
Oh.
Eish sorry. Mr. Sithole.
Ah!
-Zozo! Come on. Zozo.
-Mr. Sithole. I'm sorry.
Sorry. boss.
No man. no man.
A whole truck? Come on. man.
Come on!
Wakey!
Good morning.
Is it six thirty already?
It's a quarter to seven.
And why are the taxis still outside?
Hey.
There we go.
I didn't hear you leave.
I started doing my morning yoga again.
Oh. I see you also think
I'm Italian or something.
I mean. what nonsense is this?
Ah man. huh?
See. that's what you get for
marrying a traditional man. Gigi.
This is not a cultural thing.
but humans are not supposed
to chow strawberries and eggs.
Twelve years in and we still
have so much work to do with you.
So says someone who's married
to a man who loves mopane worms.
Oh. my God. Are you comparing
my food to my mopane worms?
Gigi. darling.
Do yoga or something.
Otherwise. I'm gonna show you.
You're crazy.
Downward dog.
You’re very delicious.
Lufa. stop it.
Oh. my God. don't you dare.
No. I like it.
No!
Lufa. stop it!
Come here. let me light you up.
Let's go. come here.
Lesedi?
How can we help?
No… it’s a false alarm.
We came all this way for nothing?
No. no. It's not nothing.
It's… It's something.
You know. it's nothing.
Because my girlfriend robbed me.
Oh no. that’s your problem then.
Let’s go.
Girl. you are a mess.
I don't know why I always
bring home the lazy ones.
This guy.
Dude. Get up. get up. get up.
We have to go.
What’s going on?
What’s going on? It’s morning.
That means you have to go.
-Maybe we can chill for a bit.
-Chill for a bit?
No. no. no. no. Who chills on a Tuesday?
Actors.
Well… Newsflash.
I'm an accountant and I need
to account for my work hours.
What you need to do is… act elsewhere.
-Get it?
-But actors don’t act busy.
you know we are busy acting.
Okay. since you're busy acting.
How about we get busy and
do a little role-play. Loverboy?
Hey. role play?
Okay. Mama…
When I say action.
you pack up and you leave.
Action!
It’s okay.
-I’ll go then.
-Yeah. go.
Naledi!
Naledi. love.
You must look sharp. hey?
-I'm done.
-Nice.
Let's have a look.
Oh. that's nice.
Breakfast? Chop. chop.
-I'll eat in the car.
-Meals on wheels again?
-Hmm. Okay.
-Wait. wait. wait. wait. wait.
Now you look better.
Oh. well. Okay. let's go.
So I've booked you at Night Lights.
-What?
-Yeah.
-Awesome.
Thank you. Peaches.
Are you ever going
to stop calling me that?
Are your jokes ever
going to start running out?
Jisses. You!
Are you not going to get dressed?
Um. no. I thought I
would just chill today.
In my house?
Come on. Kagiso.
I need to lock up Nthabiseng.
Wow Kagiso. I can’t stay for a bit
before you throw me out?
I’m not throwing you out.
I'm just saying there are things
I need to prepare
and I need to leave
within the next hour. that's all.
Whatever.
Ntabising?
What should I do with this thing?
I have one at home.
so this one can stay here.
-So I must throw it out. is that it?
-Why can't it just stay in the bathroom?
We don't live together.
Its shower gel. Kagiso.
it's not a marriage proposal.
Shower gel!
It's been four years of this.
And you can't handle
shower gel in your bathroom?
You know what.
Let me get out of your way.
Look Nthabiseng. Peach… Peaches.
Peaches.
Hello Ry. Ry.
Hello. hello. hello. hello.
Hello. hello. hello.
Hello. Ryistros.
How’s it going. boy?
How's it. Brian.
I'm good… Yoh!
So…
One. that was mine.
And two.
You made a mess.
Yeah. I'm hungry.
I'm hungry. Very hungry.
I can eat a… a lion. Huh?
Hungry. hey.
Jisses. man.
My man. what is it?
This is bird seeds?
What do you guys eat in the suburbs?
No way. man.
Look. just don't trash the place okay?
No man. Gross!
Hold up bra.
Can I just bring some girls here?
Just to put some life in this…
in this house of yours. huh?
You too. my man.
I’m going to fill my head up with this.
It's going to be filled up.
Filled up till it’s full.
Old friend. Old friend.
Yeah. it's full now.
It's full.
-Yeah.
-Okay.
Whatever you want.
Of course. I get everything I need.
Yes. you do.
No. it's loud. baby.
Lesedi. turn it down. It's loud.
No. Lesedi. turn it down. It's loud.
It's loud. baby.
Turn it down. Lesedi. it's loud.
No. it's loud.
It's too loud. Lesedi.
It's loud…!
We're sorry. your call
could not be dialed.
Please check the number and try again.
Okay.
Thank you.
-So okay.
-This is real food.
You must have been there a talent
manager in your previous life.
I'm sorry. manager?
Is that how you see me?
Read my lips.
Previous life.
Well. in my present life.
I'm a lawyer. baby cakes.
-And that's good enough for me.
-Lazo. Lazo.
Oh. there's my family.
Family!
Where are you going?
Hey. man.
-Bye baby girl. Hey. Mvimvi.
-Bye.
-Who’s Mvimvi?
-You.
Your man has weird names. Mvimvi.
-Hello. sweetie pie. What's up?
-What are you doing here?
I'm here to…
So I take it Ryan didn't feed you.
Sis. man.
Ryan. with all that bad food in his house.
he still can't pull chicks.
Uh-huh. dude. I'm hungry.
And plus. Paul sent me some cash.
And you know. speaking about Paul.
That one's gonna get divorced
before he gets married. Trust me.
-I'm sorry. What?
-He sounds like a sick dog.
I mean. how do you get sick
when you have a woman?
Argh man. you just don't like her.
Man. maybe he's got the flu. okay?
Mmm-hmm.
Um… So um…
-What do you have in the house to eat?
-Me?
Hey. hey. hey. Do not touch my thighs.
I would never. I would never.
No problem. sir.
Yes.
Uh. it will be by you as soon as possible.
Okay.
Thanks. sir.
What's up. dude?
Listen. I can't do these right now.
I've actually got a client meeting.
I just got off the phone with him
and I said it's ready.
Shouldn't you check with me first?
I did two weeks ago
and you said it will be finished.
Steve.
There's two people who carry
the load in this business. okay?
So it's share and share alike.
Yolisa.
It's Yolisa. Not Yo-Lisa.
Sheesh.
Should I book you guys a room?
No man. no need to be jealous.
boss man.
What am I gonna do about this now?
Firstly. I would take those files back.
because it is not your job. it's his.
You know what?
You're right.
I hate complainers.
All the single people who always
complaining. But I know what he wants.
I know one thing. trust me.
Andy?
What's up. Steve?
Yeah. I just want to…
Are you going to come back
after your meeting?
Nope.
Anyway…
It's best that you just don't do it.
especially at work.
Brian?
-Honestly.
-What. my man?
My man. I'm a big man with a
big stomach and a big appetite.
-What do you expect?
-You'll eat us out of house and home.
You are married. so it's cool.
So hubby will buy supper.
-Shush. I'm calling Paul.
-Paulie. my boy. that's my homie.
-He sent me money.
-Shut up.
Hello.
Paul? Hi. Hi. my sweet. How are you?
-Hey. Gigi.
-Brian…
Brian tells me you're sick?
I'm not sick um…
I'm a bit down.
-What happened?
-I don't know. man.
You know. everything was
fine and then she was gone.
Oh. my God! Oh no.
Did you guys have um.
did you guys have a fight?
I don't know. man.
I came home and the house is empty.
Oh. my God. I'm so sorry. Paul.
Gigi. I… I don't know
what I'm going to do.
No. no. no. no. no. no. Don't do that.
Um… give it time.
-It'll get better. I promise.
-She was everything to me.
Ooh. Paulie. Paulie. Paulie boy.
There's so many fish in the sea. my boy.
Don't worry.
Yoh. is that Brian?
Um no. it's Lewis.
You know. thanks to you my man.
the audition went well.
my man. I killed it.
Okay. boys. Uh… I got to go.
Why? Paulie boy. man.
Don't go. my man. Paulie?
Part? What part?
You've never killed
an audition in your life.
Oh. for real.
My man. you got to lie and lie
and come up with an honest lie.
Simple.
There is nothing honest about you. Brian.
Just finish the chicken.
Are you sure? Thank you.
There's nothing honest about me?
This guy is full of nonsense.
Knock. knock.
Boo!
Stop it.
You're so weak all the time. All the time.
Oh. man.
Gigi. this looks so fresh. bra.
Pleasure.
Thanks. man.
So…
What's up with Paul?
Did he like finally decide who
he's going to make best man?
Hmm?
Paul…
Um…
-What?
-He's…
not gonna choose anyone.
-Yep.
-Are you serious?
Um… Lesedi…
Um… She uh…
-Argh man. Lesedi left him!
-What?
-That is so cold. bra.
-Is that all you're gonna say?
The boys took her
I’m not complaining I’m alone
I’ll just drink my alcohol
It’s…
It’s okay.
Come in. guys. Come. come. come.
-What's up. bro?
-Hi.
Um. where's Brian?
Where's Brian? What a question.
Okay. Never mind. Forget him for now.
Where's Brian?
Gigi. like when are you gonna upgrade
your sound man?
Uh. literally the most expensive
sound system in South Africa. Sit down.
Guys. I'm on lunch. man.
Can we do this quick. please?
Oh. yeah. Yeah. What's up with Paul?
Paul. yes. Um…
we have to discuss Paul.
Yo. yo. yo! Party in the house.
It’s going down at Gigi’s place. Hey!
It’s going down at Gigi’s place
It’s going down at Gigi’s place.
My people.
This isn't a bloody party. Brian!
We need to talk. all of us. now.
Brian. get your friends
out of here. please.
Where’s the fun?
The fun is here. my love.
-It’s boring here.
-The fun is here.
I'll give you a R1000.
-Today?
-Today.
Did that girl have underwear on?
Hey. guys?
Why are you such haters?
-No man. you're haters.
-Why are you like this?
No. man. Huh?
Why? Huh?
Are we girls now.
do we talk about feelings?
Just shut up! Okay. Brian.
Paul's at the bottom. bra.
He needs our help.
-Don’t start with--
-Guys!
Don’t start.
We have to go to Cape Town.
Cape Town. we’ll be with… oh my word!
Cape Town? Yeah.
Okay. Okay.
When is this going to happen?
I… I've got the job.
Congratulations. Your ancestors' work.
Say yes.
Yes! Yes!
I'm just saying.
I don't know if I can take leave.
Yeah. Guys…
Me. too.
Oh. my God. Whatever. You literally
own the whole company. Ryan.
And Steve. you haven't taken leave
in years. so…
Exactly.
I… I don't know.
Hey. you do.
-You're just scared of your partner.
-Shut up. Brian.
Guys.
Do you remember
when it was the six of us?
-Six in the city?
-Yes.
-Oh. yeah. bro.
-Playing pool. hitting the clubs.
Painting the town
whatever color we wanted.
-Eish!
-Everybody…
All for one and one for all!
-All for one.
-Guys.
I'm sorry.
I can't. I'm sorry.
-Steve.
I can't just leave. guys.
Steven.
-Steve?
-Stevo?
-Come sit here right now.
-He is so boring. He’s boring.
But I told you about this guy.
I told you guys.
Hey. no. He is so boring. He’s boring.
Oh! Scary.
But why me. why?
Eish. yeah.
My Lesedi.
Why Lesedi. why?
Eish! Eish!
You as well.
Why boss? Huh?
Why are you doing this?
The neighbors have been telling me
you've been crying for days.
-What's wrong?
-Zozo.
Eish. I'm crying. Zozo.
I'm crying because of this beauty.
She's not a beauty. this one.
She's a beast.
I don’t like her.
Hey. What is that?
Hey.
You boss. duty calls.
Jeeze man…
Hey. Zozo?
Your breasts are calling out your name…
Zozo.
I said I'll do it. Gigi.
Stop throwing your make-up
out of the cot. man.
Andy.
What now?
You said that there's two people
in this company
and we have to share the load.
So. it's time you balance the scales.
-What on earth are you talking about?
-I'm going to Cape Town tomorrow.
I'm so glad you called.
Oh. baby. I'm glad you came.
-Who said I came?
-What? Huh?
I'm kidding.
Oh. I'm kidding.
I'm just kidding.
Hmm. Wait. you're kidding
or you didn't or…
Because baby. I mean.
we can always go again.
-You know what I mean?
-No. you have nothing to worry about.
Who said I was weak?
Listen…
So we're going to Cape Town.
-What?
-Yeah.
-Yeah. we're going to Cape Town.
Oh. my God.
You know when we were fighting
yesterday I thought it was really over.
But this trip is exactly what we need.
-Whoa.
-Yes.
Oh. my gosh. And I don't have
any catering gigs this week.
So we can go to Cape Town and relax a bit.
Oh. my God. babe.
The beach. Oh. the beach.
Yoh. I have to do my hair. I can’t
go to Cape Town looking like this.
Nthabi? Nthabi? Nthabi baby.
Yes. babe.
-What?
-Listen. get off.
-Eish!
-What?
-Listen babe. I mean…
-Yeah?
This Cape Town thing. I meant to say.
I'm going to Cape Town.
But you said we.
Yeah. as in. like me and
the guys. you understand.
Kagiso. you know very well
that you and I have problems.
But you want to go to Cape Town
with your friends.
Why are you making it seem
like it was my plan?
It wasn't my idea.
But no one twisted your arm either.
-Why…
-You don't want to fix anything.
Nthabiseng. why are you
being like this right now?
Seriously?
You called me over here for sex.
knowing very well.
you're going to drop me.
No. man. You know. it's not like that.
-Nothing's changed from yesterday. has it?
-Nthabiseng?
Why do you always
have to drive yourself crazy?
What’s your problem?
Seriously.
It wasn't my idea.
Come on. man. Nthabiseng.
-Thank you.
-Yeah.
Gigi. are you aware there's no air con?
Uh. okay. change of plans.
guys. we're taking Brain's E-20.
Oh. I'm joking. man.
It's nice. Hey man. it's great.
Okay. whatever.
Has anyone heard from Steve?
He knows what time we're leaving.
He knows.
Hey. Lewis Hamilton.
Just calm down okay. just…
Okay. One thing.
No fighting on this trip.
Shoo! Sweet man.
-I was about to beat his ass.
-Oh yeah? Try me.
Hold on.
Guys.
Finally.
Okay. Gas. gas. gas and toll gates.
-Do you think we have enough?
-Sorry guys.
My life is a complete mess.
Yes. mommy's boy. These people
are about to drive you crazy. man.
-Yeah. Okay. Brian. you're up.
-Let's go.
Um…
Write it in the books.
then we’ll sort it out.
-I'll pay you guys.
-When's that ship going to come in?
-2025?
-What are you talking about?
-I think that… that carrot up your ass.
-Get in. Get in.
-I'm sitting in front.
-Hey. Who said that?
-I'm sitting in front. I'm sit…
-Who said that huh?
Hey. no man. gents.
Get inside. Let's go to Cape
Town man. Get in man.
Yeah. Cape Town!
Yes. baby.
Yeah. Cape Town.
Go Cape Town.
Cape Town.
Ladies.
What's that?
Well. What do you know?
Ryan isn't a complete hardass.
Okay. Just one. I'm driving.
What's that sweet. sweet smell?
We're coming in hot.
Smoke. Smoke.
What the hell was that?
Shut up guys. let me go
check it out. It's fine.
Let me go check it out quick. okay?
-Oh!
-I'm gonna… I'm gonna be careful.
Oh. God. I knew I should've
just gone to Zanzibar.
Guys? No. its…
Fine.
What have you done. Gigi?
What have you done?
It's dead. It's not breathing.
Can someone please take the wheel.
I can't drive anymore.
I got you guys.
Oh. wow.
Exc… Excuse me.
Sorry.
Welcome. can I get you something to drink?
Uh… Can we have some beer?
Everyone?
Excuse me. ma'am. where's the toilet?
It's through there.
You know what.
I need to go wash my hands. hey.
Don't touch me.
There you go.
-Thank you.
-Pleasure.
Hey! Please clean here!
No. you must ask--
I never saw you and
your people here before.
Or are you in the mood for a good time?
What… What is that?
Oh. you don't understand.
I'll show you.
Danie. come.
What now. Koos?
-Guys. we need to go.
-What?
And now. what's wrong with you now?
What's going on?
There's a big Afrikaans guy
that wants to fight with us.
-With us?
-Yes. with us.
What?
Let me handle this. this…
I got this.
We've got to go. guys.
No way I'm leaving my drinks.
I'm going to have my drink.
Okay. We're leaving. we're leaving.
-There's ten of them. Let's go.
-What's going on?
-Where's Brian?
-I don't know.
Brian. let's go!
Come. Get in the car. Brian!
What's going on?
No. Danie!
Hey!
-Where is he?
-I think we lost him.
-What?
-Yes. we did it.
-Yeah!
-Who?
-Koos!
Who the hell is Koos?
A big boer!
Oh. my goodness. Thank goodness.
Whoo! Guys.
-Yeah.
-We made it.
Oh. Nice guys.
No. man. What are you doing here?
Where am I?
Come. let's go. I'll take you home.
No. No. no. no.
-Take care of yourself.
-Are you going to pay?
Do you have the money
to pay for the Uber?
No. she'll pay for herself.
I don't have money. my man.
We're the last ones
We are the last ones
Look what we have here.
It's Koos!
-Koos. what?
-What?
Go! He's here. he's here! Go!
There goes the love of my life.
Where will I get someone like him?
Oh. my word!
This night has been crazy.
Too much. man.
Oh yeah. oh yes.
Oh. God.
Hey. Ryan!
Ryan.
Ryan. wake up. my man.
You’re gonna pass Bedford West
without checking out your school.
-What?
-Yes. sir.
We're in Bedford.
Bedford.
We are here. guys. We are here.
We are here.
Guys. guys. why?
You were a cheeseboy.
You grew up as a cheeseboy.
-No. Let's go.
-We're not going anywhere.
Hey. boys. I like your wheels.
Slap me with a wet fish.
Hey. TP. is that you?
Hi. sir. Coach.
TP. you're looking good. man.
-You put some beef on those bones?
-I guess so.
We're just travelling to Cape Town.
showing some friends around but…
Those are your friends?
But we're running a little bit late. sir.
So got to hit the road.
Okay. Good to see you.
-Travel safe. hey.
-Thank you.
All right. dudes.
So. my bra. So what is TP?
-Toilet paper?
-Teddy Pendergrass.
-Trompies?
-Listen. it stands for The Pimp.
-Never.
-Dude. in this place. I was the plug.
No. I know. I see it.
Hey. they don't make jammies
like this no more. hey?
-Thought you were training?
-I love the way you travel. Toothpick.
What?
What did you just call him now?
Toothpick. We called him that
all through school.
Come on guys.
Hey. let the man speak. man.
No. You won't know this. hey.
But when he was here at school.
he had legs like toothpicks.
-Okay.
-Yeah.
Plus. at lunch time .
food got stuck in his braces.
All the kids would say. "Hey.
toothpick. how's about a toothpick?"
Ready to go. Bye. Mr. Fourie.
Great to see you.
-Travel well. boys.
-Thank you.
Bye. Mr. Fourie.
Goodbye.
Okay.
Mr. Fourie. huh?
You know what?
There's something I want to share
with you guys. I have a problem.
You know. every time I eat.
Brian. I swear…
I will drive this car off the road.
Hey. just relax. man.
There's nothing a toothpick can't fix.
-Brian. I swear. if you don't stop. man.
-Ah. listen…
Listen. my man.
We all love you in the car.
We all love you.
And I love you so much.
that I'm willing to upgrade you to…
Handlebars!
Guys.
Guys. guys.
Guys. guys. guys.
Wake up. Wake up. Look.
-Cape Town.
-Yeah!
We're in Cape Town. baby.
Siya!
I would like to propose a toast
to Paul and Lesedi.
Ever since I met you…
I knew you'd be the one. Yeah.
Cheers!
Whoa. What now?
I didn't order any pizza.
Come on.
Eish.
Surprise!
-What the hell?
-Hey!
Move.
Move. move. move.
You're not gonna let us in. baby?
Well…
Brian's already in.
-What up. son?
-What up. KG.
-Hi. Paul.
-Gigi.
What's up. Paulie?
Lesedi. Lesedi?
Yo. it's like a morgue in here. man.
Oh. my God. Paul.
I think we need some light.
Yeah. yeah. yeah. yeah.
What are you guys doing here?
Eish.
Hey man. Eish.
Much better.
What the hell guys?
What do you mean?
We came here for you. man.
Well. you see me.
-But we came here to surprise you. bro.
-Well. I am surprised.
What's up?
Jissis.
Bra. that girl played you dirty.
-Cool it. Brian.
-She took everything.
But I told you that you’re
proposing to a criminal.
A real criminal.
Hey man. Forget about him.
We came here to cheer you up.
Speaking about cheering up.
Cheering up means drinking immediately.
Yes.
You… Wait.
Do you still have that pulling jacket?
-That angry one.
-The angry one!
Wait. Wait. Stop!
-Fine.
-Yes.
Come on. brother.
Okay. wait. wait. wait.
Can we at least. as your friends.
order you a couch?
-I'm not dealing with this in the morning.
-No worries. I got an app.
-See?
-Let's go party.
Paul Sithole. Jean to jean.
Now I know you.
-Yeah.
-Now you're looking fresh.
This is my song. guys.
It's my favorite song.
Thanks. guys. it's my favorite.
Gigi!
Oh my gosh. you bitches
made me cover for all your
shenanigans with your parents.
Yeah. Well. that's
because you were always the old…
-Uh-huh.
-Old what?
-Smartest one.
-Yeah.
That's true.
What's up with our boy?
I've never seen him dance like this.
Only when he's DJing. right?
Kagiso is trying to get over
Nthabi shame.
They broke up. again?
Yeah!
Well. look. I'm not going
to blame the guy.
I know what that feels like.
Yeah.
-I'm sorry. man.
-Hey. but let's drink.
-That's why we're here. hey.
-Yeah. baby.
You're very delicious.
Oh. my God.
Hey. wake up!
Hmm.
Oh. my God.
Oh my God. Why?
I… I need Haarlemensis.
Where's Brian?
I don't know.
Brian?
Oh. my…
Ah. Brian?
Brian?
Come on. man.
What are you doing here?
Come on.
Where's Kagiso?
Um. I think he left with a…
gone home with a girl.
He was very drunk last night.
Ouch.
God. what happened?
Yeah. well. guys…
We had an argument about Nthabi earlier.
Are you going to change Kagiso?
For Nthabi.
Yeah.
Okay. Steve. I need you
to listen to me very carefully.
I don't appreciate you guys being
in my business with Nthabi and I.
Look at Paul.
And yourself.
You're a single father.
How's about you change that first
and then we'll talk.
And he was pissed off.
Maybe he took the first flight out
and went to see the love of his life.
You’re too extreme
when it comes to romance.
Too extreme.
Hey. guys.
His phone is off.
Yo! But I’m experienced.
I think we need to go back to the club.
Because we left two hours ago.
You know what?
I think going back to the club
is worth a shot.
I see what you did there. Stevie.
Shot my boy.
Shot.
Morning.
How are you?
So. we were here last night--
And we were hoping that you've seen
our friend. Kagiso or remember him.
Let me get the manager for you.
Thank you.
Sorry. it's just the effect of alcohol.
I don't know why…
Okay. so now that we're here.
do you remember anything?
Does it ring a bell. any of this?
Hey. man. I was drunk.
Good morning. gentlemen.
You are the family of Kagiso.
I understand.
Yeah. we are!
I'm so. so terribly sorry for your loss.
Would you like to follow me?
-Loss?
-An animal?
Who?
Over there is where it happened
and it was all over so quickly.
Again. my condolences.
If you need anything.
I'll be in my office.
I'm sorry. but I'm not willing
to accept this.
Hey man.
The head?
Guys…
um…
-Kagiso doesn't have a head anymore.
-There's no time for jokes. man.
I'm not joking.
His… his body was here…
and his head was here.
-and his head is still wearing the cap.
-Look. guys. we need to call Nthabi.
-Someone has to do it.
-You know what. let me call her.
Let me call her.
Hello?
Nthabiseng.
Nthabi. Gigi wants to talk to you.
Hi.
Hi. Hi. Nthabi sweetie. Um…
Kagiso isn't with you
by any chance. is he?
Um… No. Why?
-So last n--
-Hello. Nthabi.
No. don't worry. Nthabi.
thank you. Thank you. Bye. Bye.
Well. that call couldn't
have gotten any worse.
Damn. Damn you!
Jesus!
Gents.
Oh. man. Where the hell
have you guys been?
And Paul…
I had to sign for your couch man.
Oh. my gosh.
What the hell. Kagiso?
What?
Hey. listen.
What happened to you. my bra.
Oh. shit. Last night?
Yeah. No. it was just some girl. man.
My bra…
I just saw you without a head.
I mean I…
-Do I look like I am headless guys?
-Seriously.
There was an accident last night
that killed a Kagiso and…
we thought it was you.
No. man. that's…
Gigi that's horrible. bro. I'm sorry.
-I'm sorry but…
-Oh. hell. no.
-No. no. no.
-What?
You are going to tell us every detail
about what happened last night.
You’re gonna give us the details.
you’re gonna give us
all the details about sex.
Yes. about sex.
-Bra. spill it.
-It was just. you know. we made out.
-Are you kidding me?
-What?
Are you kidding me right now?
So you’re saying made out. make out?
Yeah. What is that?
-Hey. Brian. Come on. gents.
-Details now.
-Mmm-hmm. Mmm-hmm.
-Spill it.
It was nice.
Well… I… you know.
Tow it up. tow it up.
My man. My man. You know what?
-I think this calls for a party.
-Yeah. yeah. yeah.
Yeah. to celebrate me getting some. right?
-No. To celebrate your life you fool.
-Your life.
Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello.
I got the booze. I got the ladies.
-Let's party.
-Hello!
So I was kind of hoping that we pick up
from where we left off.
I think that's a great idea.
except no freaky peach things.
Forget about it.
Gents. listen. do you guys have any--
Co… Co…
Would you look at that?
-Nthabi.
-Hey.
-What the fuck are you doing here?
-I just thought that I would come…
Oh my God. baby.
I thought something happened
when they called.
Are you okay?
-What are you doing here?
-What do you mean?
What do you mean. what I mean?
Hey. man. Fetch my phone.
Phone. Woman upstairs.
-What is happening?
-How did you get here?
Nthabs. so what are you doing here?
Did I not tell you that I'm coming
to Cape Town with my boys?
Didn’t we break up?
Come on. Kagiso. your friends called me
saying you disappeared.
I couldn't shake the feeling
that something was off.
Can’t you see I’m alive?
So what do you want here?
Kagiso. I flew all the way here.
To check if you’re okay. if you’re alive.
You're still not answering the question.
Why are you here?
-Why? Huh?
-You know what? You're right.
No one asked me to be here.
So don't worry.
I'll go.
Are you crazy?
Just don't start with me. Gilbert.
Just don't.
-Okay.
-No. No. no. no.
You have no right to use that name.
Are you going to let her walk
out of your life like your mother?
I dare you to mention my mother again.
-Kagiso?
-I dare you.
Kagiso. you are going to regret this.
You know what I hate
about you married couple?
What?
You guys think you have it all figured
out. whereas you don't. You don't!
You do you? Okay.
I'm going to go party.
Yes. Fine. I'll do me. Go do you. Gilbert.
And don't you ever call me by
my government name again. ever.
You are crazy.
These men are crazy.
What happened?
This guy that I was hanging out with
yesterday.
We made out and then he told me
to come back today.
And there I was. naked on his bed.
He was going to get some
condoms. He never came back.
Okay. um…
-Why don’t you ask him?
-Ask him where?
Some random dude came in
and kicked me out.
Hey girl. where are you going?
I told you. these men are crazy.
Did I tell you he asked for
some "Peaches" for sex?
Peaches?
Yes.
Apparently. it's a peaches thing
or something. What a creep.
I thought I'd give this guy a second
chance. but it's not happening.
There's my Uber. I'm out of here.
Hey!
Why do you want him.
but you don't want me?
Dude. Hey. just relax. okay?
Why do you want this guy.
but you don't want me?
I'm sorry.
I mean… I'm a good dancer.
I'm not boring. Look.
Brian. just…
Leave me. leave me. Leave me!
I’m not talking to you.
-Yeah. Okay.
-I'm talking to her.
Yeah. well. I'm talking to her
right now. so please just go.
Please what?
You honestly think that someone's
going to choose you over me?
Of course.
You are boring.
Oh. I'm boring.
Okay. well. you're a loser.
-I'm a loser?
-Yeah.
-Loser?
-Loser.
I'm a loser. right?
Because I'm…
-Get off.
-Ryan!
I’m going to kill you!
I'm going to kill you.
-I hate you.
-You calling me?
-Stop.
-Hey.
You have no idea.
What's going on?
Where’s Mr. Sithole?
Mr. Sithole. what’s going on?
I also don’t know. I’m sorry.
-What’s going on. guys?
-Can we please discuss this on the side?
Thank you.
I'm really sorry about what happened.
No. no. no. You guys failed us big time.
As the estate securities.
you're supposed to notify us.
Let me give you a bottle.
Dlamini. Dlamini. Switch off.
Why are you guys like this. huh?
Huh?
Ah. are you two happy now?
-It’s this fool. You’re an idiot.
-I'm an idiot. Huh?
You don't think people would miss you
when counting idiots?
You're just jealous?
No. over my dead body.
I'd never be jealous of you.
Never.
Do you know what your problem is?
You think all of our women
are yours for the taking?
-Nah bra.
-No?
I only came here
to have a drink with you.
-Oh.
-Wow.
Wow. Here we go again.
-Is this about Tash?
-What? What about Tash?
-What?
-No one wants to get… Hey guys!
Stop it. Stop it!
Geez.
Nthabi. Nthabi!
Nthabi? Baby.
I’m leaving. I’m getting
out of your way with Khanyi.
No man. nothing happened.
Okay.
So let me get this straight.
Our four years together
can be replaced by nothing?
Baby. baby. I know how stupid this sounds.
I know.
But trust me. nothing happened.
It does sound stupid.
Babe.
Just please listen to me.
Please. Please. just listen.
I just don't want to be hurt anymore.
By someone I would do anything for.
No.
Baby. I just realized.
You're perfect for me.
You turn my house into a home.
You're one hell of a woman.
And I don't want you to ever doubt that.
And I know I've got my own issues. okay?
And I know I've been selfish
and I'm really sorry.
Hey.
I cannot expect you to come in
and out of my world as I please.
And I'm out here saying. I'm sorry.
Please. Nthabi. please baby.
Please don’t leave me.
I love you.
Baby. I'm so sorry.
Okay.
You wanna know why
I didn't sleep with her?
-It's because you were the only one.
-I know.
And I'm so sorry.
I love you.
Uh. Nthabi. I'm waiting.
So sorry. my brother.
You can go. It's fine.
It's okay.
Why didn't you didn't say that
in the beginning of your speech…
Oh. eish. I'm sorry. man.
gee. you know what?
It's cool. It's cool.
-I don't have change. bro.
-No. no. Just keep it.
-This your thing. bra.
-I know. It's all good. It's all good.
What happened. guys?
Cut the lights out.
Apparently. the party was too lit.
Yeah. because certain
people acted like kids.
Yeah.
Things got out of hand.
Hmm.
And speaking of hands.
Don't think I don't see you two
holding hands.
But we'll discuss that later.
Right now. these two clowns
need to explain themselves.
I can't stand Brian anymore.
There. I said it.
Well. I don't care about that.
I care about the why.
-He knows what he did.
-Hey. It was years ago. man.
For goodness sake.
-Tasha was my first love. you asshole.
-So. how many girls did I have?
He doesn't care. Why the fuck
should I care about him?
No one should care.
-Hmm?
-Brian.
Ryan's house is open to you
whenever you want.
-Do want to speak to him like that?
-So Gigi. what must I do? Lick him?
You know what your problem is?
You don't care about anything.
That's why you don't care
you don't have a job. or a place.
All you do. is just use people.
You think I don't know that. huh?
You think I don’t know that?
Everybody is always telling me
nonsense all the time.
You think I quit cigarettes.
all of you guys.
Congratulating me.
Clapping hands.
Well. let me tell you something.
I didn't want to quit.
I just. I couldn't afford
to buy myself cigarettes.
I have nothing.
I can't even buy myself food.
Look.
I'm not saying you're a bad person.
I know… We all know life gets hard.
Okay. but what we…
What I want.
is for you to return that same care
that I give you. that's all.
Care?
Do you know what care is. huh?
Is you throwing me
with. with keys. It's care?
It's not fucking care.
And I got to pick them up
from the floor like I'm a dog.
I'm not a dog. man.
I'm human.
I got feelings too.
None of you guys care about me.
My mom. my dad.
They don't care about me.
They're disappointed in me. bro.
I am dead to my parents. dawg.
I'm alone and you guys come
and tell me about care.
The only people that I love…
don't love me.
I'm so guilty of that too. bro.
Me too.
Even me.
Yeah.
I'm sorry.
Love you. bro.
I made you too. man.
Ah!
Go hug it out. you guys.
-Bring it in.
-Sorry.
Don't think I've forgotten
about the hand-holding.
-Nthabi?
-Yeah?
Oh. what did I do now?
Are you going to explain. or is he?
-Peaches. I think you…
-You do it.
No. I'm not going to do it.
-Okay. cool.
Um…
-We're in love guys.
-Yeah!
I knew it. man.
Oh. come here.
Oh. I knew it.
Guys.
Somebody get the door now.
You know I have to…
Hi. babe.
Um. can we talk?
What is she doing here?
-Yeah. What are you doing here?
-Can we speak in private. please?
Speak.
Yeah.
-Okay. I'm sorry about what I did.
-Don't touch me.
Where's the stuff. then?
Babe. I'm sorry I hurt you.
Hey. so you came here just
to clean up my friend's house?
Babe.
-if I could take it back. I would.
-Don't.
Meanwhile. why don't you
get yourself a time machine?
-Please. yeah.
-Guys…
I can handle this.
Paul.
Are you sure?
Let’s go.
You must pay back the money.
Can you believe it?
Hey. guys. Guys. guys.
Let's give them some privacy.
Let's go to the patio.
Thank you for the privacy.
I just wanted to hear what you
have to say after what you did to me.
Baby. please forgive me.
Just like that.
Babe. I know I can't take back what I did.
But I can't stop thinking about you.
Well. I have stopped thinking about you.
What?
Really?
You see that one?
She must not take my friend again.
Come with her voodoo things.
I don't like that girl. man.
Yeah. yeah. We know you never liked her.
Okay? It's not like you hid it.
Hey. don’t you dare.
Me. I can smell a skank
20 kilometers away.
Fine. But it's true.
You can't pretend you can
never call a woman bad names.
As if only good women exist.
-He's right. guys.
-Thank you.
From personal experience.
Yeah. But in every bad.
there's good. right?
And I got myself a good one.
Lesedi. stop it.
Babe. But we're so good together.
No. wait. wait… Until when?
Until you come from my life policy.
Wow.
Wow. You just said wow.
Huh? And. like. leave.
Voetsek!
-You're saying voetsek to me.
-Yeah.
-You're serious?
-Yes.
That's… That's the same question
that my friends asked me
when I told them
about what you did to me.
Guys. guys. guys.
We're in a serious crisis. man.
Paul is probably being dumb right now.
Brian. Brian.
Just let Paul be.
He needs to sort this one out
by himself.
Oh well. let him hurry then.
because I mean.
it only takes two seconds
to kick someone out of the house.
Hmm. You know what?
Let me go get him.
-No. Brian.
-No. I'm getting him.
-He'll come ba--
-Huh-uh.
Babe?
Don't you miss this?
Yes. you do.
Lesedi. Satan.
Go!
I mean like…
-Voetsek.
-No. I won't go.
This is my house. too.
-What?
-We chose it together.
-Boss. is there a problem here?
-Uh. Zozo…
Matter of fact. there is.
Please escort this criminal…
-I'm not a criminal.
-…off my premises.
You know what? Yeah. Let's go.
I've been waiting to do this
ever since you put my job at risk.
And I'm going to give you
that stupid cheese platter of yours back.
-Let's go.
-Zozo. take her.
-Babe?
Take her. Zozo.
Babe!
Paul. I hate you.
-I hate you.
-I hate you. too.
And bring back my furniture.
Or else you're going to jail.
And…
And voetsek.
Oh. my boy.
I love you. my boy.
I'm sorry. man.
How many times am I gonna
get my heart broken?
Um. Twice. three times. maybe four times.
Okay. okay. once. two.
Okay.
Yeah. I'm sorry man.
In the lounge. heading to the patio.
He's the current heavyweight
champion of the world.
Ladies and gentlemen. Paul Sithole.
Yeah!
Paul! Paul! Paul!
Paul-e. Paul-e. Paul-e.
Guys.
from the bottom of my heart.
I just want to say thank you.
And for coming out all this way
just to support me.
Even you. Nthabi.
Hell yeah. Hell yeah.
Man. we get it. You guys are
in love for the first time ever.
Paul. it was such a pleasure
to be here for you.
And remember. we're
only just a phone call away.
So you don't ever have to go
through anything alone. okay?
-Yes.
-Okay?
-Again.
-All right.
Are we ever going to stop
kidnapping random girls?
Damn girl. no hug? Nothing?
-Brian?
-Brian.
No. no. no. no. no. I don't
know the girl. I promise you.
I don't know the girl.
Okay. Okay. Can I just say…
to the best trip…
Ever!
Guys. look. it grew two centimeters
when we left Jo'burg. hey?
Yeah? Cool.
It's almost three now.
They say dreams come true
in Cape Town.
Cops. Guys. guys. guys. cops.
Cops. Come on.
Outlaws. I've been
waiting for this opportunity.
I don't think you can speak to…
Shut up. We're telling you.
This is serious.
Come. Brian.
Well. according to my view. ma'am.
you arrived here a second ago
and decided that this group
must be up to no good.
-Who the hell do you think you are?
-I think I am advocate Gigi Madusi.
Google me.
And for you to accuse us of being outlaws.
That's discrimination on
a thousand different levels.
Just because when you are a lawyer.
you think you must
take advantage of the law?
Yeah.
Hey. man.
-I'm just doing my job here.
-We don't have time to waste.
Boys. let's go.
Ah. shit.
Money.
Just money. Don't you want some money?
I got some money.
Oh. it’s the guys.
I don’t know what to do with myself.
-Hi.
-Welcome everybody.
Welcome to my place.
Boy. Paulie boy.
Look at all of this.
Hey. You’ve even gained some weight.
For real. dude. Insane.
Yeah. congrats.
Thank you so much.
-Let me show you around.
-Yes.
-Wow. Brian!
Guys. dig in.